Add multiple option to text selector (#30032)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/blueprint/selectors.markdown

## Text selector

> The text selector can be used to input a text string or a list of  text strings, based on if `multiple` is set to `true`. The value of the input will contain the selected text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The text selector can be used to enter a text string. It can also be used to enter a list of text strings; if `multiple` is set to `true`. The value of the input will contain the selected text. This can be used in shopping lists, for example.
```
Is there a limit to the number of characters per string?
